Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/publishMessage.md

```

> $publishMessage[Channel ID;Message ID]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$publishMessage[channel ID;message ID]
```

```

### Parameters 
- `Channel ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The ID of the channel where the message is.

> - `Message ID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The ID of the message which will be published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channel ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The channel where the message is.
- `message ID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The message which will be published.
```
